all right hey YouTube it's time for a
new video and this video is going to be
about me making my about my how do we
get free runescape membership the legit
way which doesn't work now once you go
through all the steps making a paypal
account then junk email go here you
click the you gonna go to your drunk and
you confirm it then you do all these
offers and once you get the money and
you can also buy other with it but
it doesn't matter um you get your yet
you pay for it if you don't believe me
I'm about to show you how let me go to
my paypal balance is 26 cents payments
to jagex limited completed minus seven
dollars and fifty cents now i'm going to
show you um how else you can believe me
let me log in real quick and we move my
camera so you won't see what IP address
for all you people that want to hack me
and alright so this is my account
as far as everybody knows wanna try not
to show my a-v in the in this cuz i'm
gonna guess that's not showing it but
yes I'm really late and I have five days
left but I'm going to show you how it
works cuz we're going to show you right
now you saw that five days you saw the
payment now if you don't believe me you
think well what else whatever else you
guys could think I don't even know
anymore but i'll show you even more
proof is even more proof members spot
here my new skills I've gotten 70mm age
70 mining which i've got i got free to
play anyway but I've been hunting what
I've been doing is hunting all kinds of
just turn all this off so
people don't need to message me now and
I have five days left i'm planning on
getting more through
throughout the same way I got it um so
this is my proof video we just move my
camera back up is my proof video so all
of you haters out there oh this doesn't
work it's not gonna work well obviously
it worked because i have a payment to
jagex that has been completed and i'm
now i've been a member on runescape for
good 25 days now it's into them and so i
got a lot done I did desert treasure I'm
not on that spell book right now i'm
still at 75 fire-making i just haven't
gotten to it um I'm right now legitly
poor I'm completely poor because I have
just about nothing like my bank is just
complete failure if you look at it it's
just failing pretty badly quest items
skilling items i only have 500k cash i'm
failing right now like I am so low on
money it's just from a cost me it was
eight hours to do desert treasure and it
cost me eight hundred k so and it was
worth it so um thank you guys for
watching um I hope this will get you
into thinking about clicking on that
link and getting your membership
becoming a member on runescape getting
your total levels up hope it will
inspire you because i had i found out
about this site myself and now I'm
passing it on to you alright guys take
care